The men are waiting.
Are you ready?
I have the transmitter.
Remember, our priority is
saving the people.
It's okay.
Don't worry?
I don't want you to go.
I know, but I have to help them
them find our friends at the ski resort.
You understand?
Don't go.
I have to.
I need you to be brave for me.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
Okay.
Don't worry, okay?
I'll come back soon.
Has Emily said anything about
what happened?
Just that one of those things
attacked them.
What was she doing
wandering around without telling anyone?
Well, she said she heard something.
What? And she...
didn't wake anyone up?
What are you saying?
She's your daughter.
I can get it.
But Helen's dead, and...
We need to find out
what went down.
You think it's her fault?
Are you certain it's not?
What's going on with her
and those things?
Who's next?
You? Me?...Tom?
We can't just sit on our asses.
Stay the fuck away from her!
Just 'cause you don't
want to hear it
doesn't mean I'm not right.
Nathan, get their dog tags.
Their dog tags...
Those are the missing men who
deserted the observatory.
You think he's heading into town?
Yes, maybe.
What you said about Noah is true,
isn't it?
Aha.
He should never have been born.
I've tried to protect him
from  the truth, but...
I see his father in his eyes.
And I hate him for it.
He's so like him.
Noah.
He raped me.
He's Sacha's father.
Does Sacha know?
I don't know.
What are you going?
Emily?
I want to be on my own.
Maybe it's better if you stay here?
Why?
I just think it's better.
You don't trust me now?
Of course, I do.
You think it's my fault!
No!
You're such a shit liar, Mum!
Emily, stop!
Just...just stop!
What?
What do you want me to say?
They killed Helen!
Not me!
Dad...
Helen...
All of my friends.
They did this!
I know.
So why does it feel like it's my fault?
Of course, it's not your fault.
Why is this happening to me?
I don't know, Love.
Emily!
You can't help me now.
Just leave me alone.
It looks abandoned.
They're hiding.
They only come out when they need to.
Where's Theo?
At the observatory.
At the observatory. He's safe.
Innes, this is my sister,
Catherine and Colonely Mokrani.
We were starting to give up hope.
Thank you.
Come.
We're going inside.
Hand out the food and water.
And look after the wounded.
Get your people ready.
We're leaving in 2 hours.
I was engaged.
Hayley.
My God, she was beautiful.
I had to work my ass of
just just to get her details.
Yeah, she made me beg.
She knew what she was doing.
She could twist me around
her little finger.
Five foot nothing.
She had me right under her thumb.
She didn't take shit from anyone.
I loved that about her.
When she was at home,
just me and her, she was...
like this gentle little girl.
She was always crying at stuff on TV.
She was my whole world.
I would've done anything for her.
She was pregnant.
We were going to be a family.
I was the happiest man alive.
Are you going somewhere?
She was coming back to me...
and I fucking blew it!
I won't get another chance!
Wait.
I know what I have to do.
I have to go to them.
It's the only way to find out why
this is happening to me.
It's too dangerous.
I won't let you.
They won't hurt me.
You don't know that.
They want my help.
They want your help?
How?
They want to live.
You think you will find answers?
You will only get yourself killed.
I have to know.
I'll come with you.
No.
Either I come with you
or I don't let you go.
You know how to find them?
Chloé, in there!
Mum!
Sacha!
I'm so sorry.
I'm ashamed.
Don't worry...don't worry.
It doesn't matter.
Why so many sweets?
For when the children are afraid.
I'm proud of you.
It's taking me to them.
You know about Noah, don't you?
I heard you speaking at Grandma's.
You shouldn't have found out that way.
Sorry.
He was a bastard.
Why didn't you help him?
I did it for you...
I wanted him to suffer.
Now he can't hurt you any more.
Forgive me.
That I was born?
No.
I don't know.
The way you look at me sometimes...
No.
You told Noah it's terrible
that I look like him.
That's not true.
I heard you say it.
I didn't mean it like that.
What happened to me ...
was terrible.
But you mean everything to me.
It's true.
The thoughts in my head...
the nastiest things.
You know that I love you.
I'm so sorry.
I love you so much.
That was really close.
Stay away from the windows.
Mum
So you're sure you want
to stay in France?
I have to.
I have to do what's best for Sacha.
No.
We should go to England.
I want to help you...
find your family.
I just want to help.
Are they ready?
Yes.
Everyone ready?
Keep quiet.
Wait for my signal.
It'll be okay.
I want to thank you.
Why?
If you had not been there...
Close the doors! Quickly!
Secure them!
Quickly! Everyone in position!
Catherine!
Sophia!
Take cover!
They are too many!
He's dead.
We have to save everyone!
Take cover.
Hold your position!
Sophia!!
Fall back!
Sofia!!
What are you doing?
I might be able to stop them!
It'll only take a second.
Catherine, hurry!
We can't hold them off!
I'm looking for the signal!
Last clip!
Hurry up!
Almost there...
I'm isolating the signal.
Catherine! It's now or never!
Yes!
It's working!
They're blind.
Better to have loved and lost...
they say.
Bullshit.
Kariem's with her.
He'll keep her safe.
She'll come back.
You don't know that.
People don't always come back.
Your Dad's probably...
is probably dead.
I can't keep lying to you.
I'm sorry.
I know.
You were right.
That was a breakthrough.
If you want we can be friends now.
Let's just forget about it, okay?
Tell me about your family.
What are you doing?
I have to know.